Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear. Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire-preventing bear.
Those singing friends of mine, the Sons of the Pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big star?
And today is one of America's best-loved band leaders, Lawrence Welk.
Hello, Mr. Welk.
Hi, Smokey.
You know, we folks who grew up on the farms all learned early in life how important the trees are.
and their value in protecting food crops.
The trees also make a very wonderful home for wildlife and give beauty to the land.
They give us so much and ask so little.
And of course, we all have picnics under the trees.
It's everybody's duty to teach children to be very careful with matches, especially in the outdoors.
Let us impress upon them that only care on the part of everyone can prevent forest fires.
Carelessness in the forest, just as in an orchestra or anything else, can only result in catastrophe.
Isn't that right, Smokey?
It sure is, Mr. Welk.
Now the Sons of the Pioneers have planned something special for you.
How about it, Lloyd?
Smokey, we have a song we hope Mr. Welk will like.
It's an old favorite.
Snow time ain't no time to stay outdoors and smooth so shine on
Shine on harvest for me and my gal.
The night was mighty dark and you could hardly see.
And the moon refused to shine.
A couple sitting underneath a willow tree.
For love, they pined.
The little maid was kind of afraid of darkness, so she said, I guess I'll go.
The boy began to sigh, looked up at the sky, and told the moon his little tale of woe.
Shine on Mr. Harvest Moon, away up in the sky.
I've been missing out on lots of love and some January, February, June or July. Snow time ain't no time for us to sit outdoors and spoon. So shine, shine on Mr. Harvest Moon.
For me and my gal.
Well, that's it for now, folks.
Thanks a lot for spending this time with us.
You know, it's your own state forestry department, along with the Forest Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to that make these get-togethers possible.
So until we say hello there again and pay another little visit to another big star, this is Smokey and his pals, the sons of the pioneers, asking you to always remember, only you can prevent forest and woods fires.
Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear.
Prowlin' and a-growlin' and a-sniffin' the air.
He can find the fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey.
That was how he got his name.
[Music.]